HTCONDOR-1312 apply JOB_TRANSFORM_* rules in condor_transform_ads (#838)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/man-pages/condor_transform_ads.rst

**condor_transform_ads** [**-help [rules]** ]

**condor_transform_ads** [**-rules** *rules-file*]
[**-jobtransforms** *name-list*]
[**-in[:<form>]  ** *infile*] [**-out[:<form>[,
nosort]]  ** *outfile*] [*<key>=<value>* ] [**-long** ] [**-json** ]
[**-xml** ] [**-verbose** ] [**-terse** ] [**-debug** ]
[**-unit-test** ] [**-testing** ] [**-convertoldroutes** ] [*infile1
...infileN* ]

Note that one or more transform must be specified in the form of a rules
file or a ``JOB_TRANSFORM_`` name and at least one input file must be
specified. Transforms will be applied in the order they are given on the command

> line.  If a complex TRANSFORM statement is used it must be at the end of the last

Reviewer: What is "a complex TRANSFORM statement"?  (If it's defined elsewhere in the manual, that's fine, but I couldn't find it.)

Reviewer: I think the code calls these "iterating" transforms?

Author: yeah. iterating transforms

Reviewer: I don't actually know what those are, but if people who write transforms do, maybe just say that instead?

 **-rules** *rules-file*
    Specifies the file containing definitions of the transformation
    rules.

>  **-jobtransforms** *name-list*
>     Specifies one or more transform names.  The transform rules will be read
>     from the configuration file ``JOB_TRANSFORM_<name>`` values.

Reviewer: Seems like you should mention the format of _name-list_ here.  Maybe

```suggestion
 **-jobtransforms** *name-list*
    A comma-separated list of one or more transform names.  The transform rules will be read
    from the configuration file ``JOB_TRANSFORM_<name>`` values.
```
?
